# Data Science Challenge

Hello!

Thanks for your interest in the Data Scientist position at Room Key. Part of our evaluation process for potential team members is to set an open-ended challenge which will allow you to flex your creative muscles and give you an opportunity to demonstrate your data science skills.

The goal of this challenge is to see how you think about and work with data and to give the team at Room Key something concrete to evaluate each candidate on. We don't expect to see a custom deep learning machine at the end of this; focus more on the data science process.

We realize that this represents a significant investment of effort, but one we hope will be worthwhile for both you and us. Even if your application to Room Key is ultimately unsuccessful, you are more than welcome to use what you produce for this challenge in your personal portfolio.

If you are successful then we'll invite you to our offices for a face-to-face interview and we will use what you produce for this challenge as a starting point for our chat.

We don't typically do presentations during interviews, so no need to put one together. However, please send back any reports or code that you create. You can start with a fork of this repository.

Good luck!
The Room Key Team

## Background
The main data set at Room Key is events generated by users interacting with our website. Each event can be thought of as an unstructured set of key-value pairs. Of the many types of events, there are three that represent the core conversion funnel: referrals, leads, and bookings.

A **referral** is an event representing a user coming onto RoomKey.com from a third party. On this referral the third party identifies itself, and passes as much detail about what types of hotels the user is interested in. 

A **lead** is when a user clicks on a “book now” button on RoomKey.com and is then taken to the hotel website.

A **booking** is reported back to Room Key if a user books a room on the hotel website. A booking is not possible without a lead.

Room Key only controls the user experience between the referral and the lead but our main business metric is the ratio of bookings to leads or the conversion rate.

## Data
The data set for this project consists of a subset of the referrals that occurred between 2017-10-15 and 2017-10-21 as well as any lead or booking that have been attributed to that referral. Each column is a selection of the key-value pairs of the event formatted as JSON. If “null” is found in the lead or booking column it means that there was no lead or booking for that referral.

## Question
What factors correlate with users booking and in turn, what can Room Key do to increase booking conversion rate?
